Rule Name
A descriptive name for the rule. 
Rule Type*
Whether this is an Upload or Download rule. 
Active
A flag indicating whether this rule is currently active. 
Subscriber Count*
The number of concurrent processes to use when executing the rule. This can be configured to horizontally scale the workload. 
File Polling Interval (Seconds)
How often, in seconds, the agent will poll either the filesystem for uploads or a mailbox topic for downloads. 
[Upload]-Regex Flag
A flag indicating whether the subsequent File Match Pattern uses Glob (by default) or Regex (if checked)
[Upload]-File Match Pattern
A pattern in either glob or regex, as indicated by the Regex Flag, to when matching files to upload. Can use either relative paths or full paths. 
[Upload]-File Metadata
A list of key-value pairs to add as additional metadata to any messages uploaded by this rule. 
[Upload]-Acknowledgement Mode
How the message should be handled on successful upload. Can either be None, to do nothing, Archive, to archive the message, or Delete, to simply delete the message.
[Download]-Mailbox
​
[Download]-Consumer Config
This section configures the corresponding consumer that will the UFA Agent will use to fetch messages for this particular rule.  Mailbox specifies the mailbox from which to fetch messages. (The mailbox topic is automatically generated and displayed based on the mailbox chosen) Deliver policy indicates how messages should be received from this mailbox topic on creation. All indicates that the subscriber will receive all messages that have been sent to this topic starting with the earliest message. New indicates that the subscriber will receives all new messages sent to the topic after the creation of the consumer.  Last indicates that the subscriber will receive all messages that have been sent to this topic starting with the most recent message. Start Time indicates that the subscriber will receive messages sent to this topic after a specific start time. Updating any configuration in the Consumer Config results in a new consumer being created with the given configuration. For this reason, if it is important to only consumer messages after a certain point, use Start Time as it remains the same on all consumer config updates. 
[Download]-Download Path*
The path to which to download files on the local machine.
[Download]-Max Files*
The max number of files to fetch on each execution of this rule. (When using a Subscriber Count > 1, the max files fetched will be closer to Max Files + Subscriber Count given how download rules are configured).